1. Do you generally like light or dark beers?	(add weights to beer families)
2. I enjoy the taste and roast of coffee (roast score)
3. I enjoy citrus fruit aromas and flavors like lemon, orange or grapefruit (fruity score, bitter, hoppy, beer family)
4. I enjoy sourness (kombucha, lemonaide) (sour)
5. I enjoy stone fruit aroma and flavors like apricots, plums, peaches, and cherries (fruit score, beer family)
6. I enjoy fruit aroma and flavors like bananas, apples and pears (fruit score, beer families)
7. I enjoy spices like cinnamon, nutmeg, and cloves (spice, beer family)
8. I enjoy smokey flavors like smoked mozzerella or BBQ (smoke)
9. I enjoy buttery and bready flavors like biscuits or toast (malty)
10. I enjoy enjoy a light beer as opposed to heavy beer (beer families)
11. I enjoy the bitterness of black coffee (roast and bitterness)
12. I would prefer a beer that is more on the bitter side than the sweet side (bitter, sweet, beer family)
13. I would prefer a beer that is fruitier and light than a beer that is light and malty. (fruit, sweet, malty, beer family)
14. I would prefer a beer that has strong flavors and dark over a beer that is more mild and light (roast, malty, sweet, beer families)
15. Which of these flavor profiles sounds the best to you 1) Boozy and Bold (beer family) 2) Citrusy, Piney and Tropical (hoppy, fruit, bitter, beer family) , 3)light and falvorful (beer family, roast, maltty) 4) Sweet and Rounded (sweet, malty) 5)Roasty and Rich (beer family weights, roasty)




1. I enjoy buttery and bready flavors like biscuits or toast (malty)
2. I enjoy the bitterness of certain foods and drinks like coffee, dark chocolate, grapefruit or kale (bitter)
3. I enjoy citrus fruit aromas and flavors like lemon, orange or grapefruit (hoppy)
4. I enjoy the roasty flavors of coffee, barley or genmai tea (roasty)
5. I enjoy sweet flavors like honey, milk chocolate or fruit juice (sweet)
8. I enjoy smokey flavors like smoked mozzerella or BBQ (smoke)
4. I enjoy sour or acidic tastes such as lemonaide or kombucha (sour)
5. I enjoy woody flavors like you would get aged whiskey or wine (wood)
6. I enjoy fruit aroma and flavors like bananas, apples and pears (fruit)
7. I enjoy spices like cinnamon, nutmeg, and cloves (spice)
8. Which of these beer profiles sounds the best to you 1) Citrusy, Piney or Tropical (hoppy and fruit) , 2)light and flavorful (bitter, hoppy) 3) Sweet and Rounded (sweet, malty) 4)Roasty and Rich (Roasty sweet) 5) Sour and Fruity (sour, fruit) 6) Bold and Boozy (spice wood)

# should be special and just give a slight boost in score to the various flavor attributes we score from # 1-7



